pollution it is ruining our waterways it
is slowly ruining our environment and it
can hurt you and the people around you
pollution consists of many things you
have land pollution water pollution and
worst of all air pollution you pollute
your planet when you smoke litter or put
cated themselves to make it even better
this year do you know where it's gonna
be a magical food no really see our be
serious where's it gonna be no it's
actually what it's called it's called a
man oh yeah I've always wanted to go
there so what are we gonna be doing
there there's gonna be so much fun stuff
to do like magic shows and prizes and so
much more but we need your help presale
tickets are important to make this night
go really well they are 80 bucks till
the end in December and a hundred
dollars after that so don't wait anyway
by your chicks in the student store soon
because it's going to be magical
you
thank you re it looks like Margaret
Michael have some news for us let's send
it over to them to see what they have
hey there wolf pack we hope you had a
great thanksgiving I'm Michael and I
Margaret and here's our news the new
harry potter movie deathly hallows part
one has created quite a splash the first
10 days gathered about 220 million
dollars starring emma watson as hermione
granger rupert grint as Ron Weasley and
of course Daniel Radcliffe as harry
potter this movie brings the first half
of JK Rowling's seventh book to life the
last half will premiere in 3d in the
summer of two thousand eleven if you
haven't seen this magical film already
make sure and check it out thanks
Margaret and Michael for giving us
insight on what's going on today you
know as the weather gets colder looking
cute can be hard but here we have Hannah
if it means every day with fibers don't
forget the day it's all about tonight I
could boot and start oh ryan for fire be
red
you
buildings crashing the landing on houses
dreams xterra a fire is burning the
other things that the people of San
Francisco awakened to at around five in
the morning the people of San Francisco
it will be awakened to all of this the
earthquake that caused this horrible
tragedy was one of the largest
earthquakes our world has ever known
you